[Music]
we're here with a real life iron
man hey John so how much does a place
like this cost I was about 5 million and
you build this all from money made on
YouTube yeah holy crap I kind of like
being called a crazy engineer that could
potentially kill you does any part of
you think your life is in danger um it's
my job to amp up the
danger oh
nice I came up with what I call the six
tenants of a good video we double in
every metric Revenue employees
subscribers what is this man the world's
largest Thor hammer we thought it would
look good in a YouTube thumbnail has the
US military ever reached out it's been
like 7 years now so I don't talk about
this how much is overhead $300,000 every
month I wish we were profitable we're
trying to show how cool it is to be an
engineer I think that's one of the most
inspirational things we can do how can
you inspire the Next Generation if you
go
[Music]
bankrupt you're very good at what you do
welcome to the showroom
whoa it's every project we've ever
made so this is the original Captain
America shield that really blew up the
Channel all right ready
yep oh my God so yeah this this video
within one month we had half a million
subscribers suddenly and this was like
right about the time that I was going to
run out of money and sponsorship started
rolling in WoW companies were like we'll
give you money to do this we're like
What okay and um from that point on we
pretty much doubled in every metric from
revenue employees views subscribers you
name it doubled year-over-year for
almost four years up until 2020 the
pandemic wow look around here like
what's the most expensive item
within this room I'd probably say the
John Wick suit is up there this suit
probably cost $50,000 to make whoa yeah
these are literally the squished bullets
but this suit flattened that bullet yes
two weeks before the movie came out uh
the production company that made John
wick4 reached out and offered to sponsor
video they're like you know it' be cool
if you could make like a bulletproof
Kevlar suit two in two weeks um and so
luckily I was like well you're lucky
we've spent 2 years building this and uh
I think we can finish the video Yeah in
the first week that it came out it got
10 million views and if we could work
with movie production Studios it goes
hand in hand and helps drum up that buzz
which probably equates to box office
dollars do you have the analytics like
the YouTube Studio revenue from this
video uh yeah we can we can this one
definitely paid off um because it was
sponsored and then the ads on top of cuz
yeah I think like thinking about about
the return for your videos is such a
mind-boggling thing cuz it's like the
cost of the edit the cost of the product
the cost of everyone's time and then the
space it's just so different than most
YouTubers we operate so close to the
line it's um it's very stressful on my
part I I wish we were let's say
profitable you're not profitable right
now not always so this is the video for
the John Wick bulletproof suit you made
it got 21 million views since published
and it made 82,000 Revenue so that plus
um the sponsorship yeah we made money on
this video yeah but this is this is an
outlier not many of our videos get 20
million views what's the retention look
like um 150,000 subscribers subscribers
came from so you got you you got a
silver play button on this video Yeah
and uh here's here's uh the project that
caused me the most
harm so this is a semi-automatic
baseball Cannon and um I broke my left
hand my fifth metacarpal with a baseball
oh wow there's a titanium plate and five
screws in there and Xbox MLB the game
threw a lot of money at us and we
couldn't say no do you remember how much
they paid for that video I think that
number was 150,000 wow and the sad thing
is our business spends that and more
every month how much is overhead to run
uh we we average about A4 million
$300,000 every month
so if we're not making videos we're
spending money losing money essentially
um so over here we have this is our
world record world's first Proto
lightsaber because after Proto
lightsaber came the real lightsabers and
that's actually what we're working on
and you'll see that in a yeah we're
going to go you guys have a clean room
where you're developing a lot of new
technology using liquid oxygen which is
essentially rocket science very
dangerous um so you got to do it right
actually similar to movie studios Mr
Beast gave me or Jimmy Jimmy gave me two
weeks he's like I need a lights set for
video
I'm like [__] this one's finicky yeah we
need something reliable so we rebuilt it
from the ground up and we made two does
it work uh yes but we're going to show
that off of my lab so you'll get to
you'll get to wear it we're we're going
to try the lightsaber on we got a box
here you want to open it I don't know
man it says do not open but uh I'm going
to go against my instincts here yeah
let's do
it oh God
oh my God so this is a 20 21st century
take on Pandora's Box it's filled with
um I think 50 100 watt LED panels which
makes it two times brighter than an IMAX
projector this is actually the original
yellow wall from the garage where I used
to film the intro the outro and any of
the Talking Heads I've actually got my
very first make it real project I made
these in 2009 so 15 years ago I was
working as an intern at a machine shop
and I asked if I could make real metal
Wolverine claws so I could be Wolverine
for Halloween funny thing is these are
very illegal prohibited weapons cuz
they're basically brass knuckles with
knives on them and I got my very first
like internet article written about me
crazy engineer electrifies Wolverine
claws and that was kind of that was the
first step where it's just like huh I
kind of like being called a crazy
engineer what else what else could I
could I do oh and Thor's hammer yeah so
if you want to stand on there and try
and let I put my feet on it yeah
otherwise you just pick up the plate
yeah holy
crap so it's about 500 lbs of lifting
Force to uh pull it up and even if even
if we let say a bodybuilder who can
deadlift 500 lb they'd probably have a
bad time because that would be like
lifting up 500 lb and then suddenly it
feeling like feathers so clearly I'm not
worthy of picking this up uh how do you
do this uh so it's a little inside joke
for us Engineers are worthy specifically
Canadian Engineers because when you go
to a Canadian engineering school and you
become an engineer you get an iron ring
on your pinky to symbolize um your oath
to society and you made it a way to lift
this yeah so there's actually a secret
switch that disables the magnet so
basically if you touch the ring between
the bottom metal band and the frame
disa the electromagnet wow dude that's
so cool this is the inventorium the
inventorium was the name I gave to the
original garage which was the original
Workshop yeah so I'm just going to light
it up and then we'll uh we'll turn off
the lights cuz it looks looks even
better so to ignite it make sure you
don't lose cable um you pull this down
you'll hear the gas start to come out
okay and and then you click it all the
way and that that Sparks I don't know
why I'm so nervous
oh oh my
[Music]
God oh my God you can't look at that not
be like that's a lightsaber that's
incredible and as you can see
it's pretty long wow it hits about 3 ft
sometimes even higher W unfortunately if
you swing it it does get short yeah but
you can hear the lightsaber
yeah yeah yeah oh my
[Music]
God can I try it
y whoa H there you go let
[Music]
go can we um I brought a few things can
we put marshmallows on this of course
can we do a s'mores yeah all right we
don't want to go in the flame cuz it
will literally well I guess
F listen if there's one thing I've
learned from all my interviews with
creators is that you don't need big
money or a big team to find video ideas
that break
through in fact many of the moments in
this video along with the thumbnails we
brainstorm using a new tool called
spotter studio and I want to give it to
you for free along with a free coaching
session from me so whether you're a new
Creator who's trying to figure out
YouTube or you're growing and you want
to grow even faster spotter Studio has
so many useful tools like it lets you
brainstorm ideas by literally typing in
a few words and then letting spotter
Studio give you new variations on it
different expressions and tweaks you can
also spot outlier videos to see what's
trending so you can easily adapt it and
you can organize it all into these
project folders that help even the
messiest of creators stay organized and
when you sign up using my link below
you'll get it all for free for two
months that's a 2-month free trial to
spotter Studio which is actually 1 month
more than you normally get if you didn't
use my link and because I always want to
go above and beyond for you guys if you
click my link within the next week only
you'll get an invite to a private live
session with me where I'll answer as
many of your questions I'll help with
your ideas and I'll roast your videos as
when you click this link for the next
week only and if you click it afterwards
don't worry you'll still get the two
months free to spotter Studio I honestly
think it's one of the best deals I've
ever had in a sponsored video and you
have nothing to lose and so much to gain
by trying this tool so hopefully you
could smash it too all right now back to
the
video oo that's actually pretty oh no
fire that just I'll
just oh sck okay
you but to give you an example this is
stainless steel I'm Letting Go I'm
Letting
Go oh my
God all right all right s'mores on the
lightsaber
that's probably
good all right here we
go oh oh o
yeah did 12-year-old John ever think
he'd eat a s'more roasted on lightsaber
also that's something they've never ever
shown in any of the Star Wars movies why
wouldn't you a lightsaber to hook up
some heat up some food right honestly
yeah this is a dude never in my wildest
dreams never in my wildest dreams um I
did Growing Up think I'd have a
lightsaber duel so I thought I'd bring
my crappy one from home um I don't know
who's going to win
man I mean if you're swing fast enough
you could hit me in the
[Music]
face I just go through it slowly but
yeah what should I do if it start
burning that just
fall ah oh
wait looking a bit limp
there I don't think your Schwarz as
strong as
mine oh my god oh god dude I feel like
there's an Obi-Wan joke here somewhere
bed the reason I built this lab which is
basically my private R&D lab is I made a
realization a few years ago when we're
at our first facility outside the garage
I was like this was supposed to be a
dream job supposed to have all the the
equipment to make whatever projects I
wanted to but the reality was I was
running a business which meant I
couldn't just go and work on a project
other people were doing things and I've
spent the past two years building out
this space exactly the way I want to um
with all the equ equipment we've got
basically small versions of every single
piece of equipment we have out there I
have in here which means I can go from
design to production prototype
everything within these four walls and
the entire ethos of this lab is
everything needs to be accessible and
functional within 30 seconds because
what I find especially with ADHD which I
I don't want to say suffer from I feel
like it's also superpower but the
friction to start doing something
procrastination is one of the big
blockers for almost anything so I wanted
to reduce the friction in making I've
actually built this production tablet
but um there's one camera there oh wow
and then there's one right there over
there there one there over there over
there over there over there another four
up
there and uh you'll see in a sec wow it
basically also means if I wanted to live
stream I could live stream anything from
here and they all have preset angles of
the the different equipment um there's
lowlevel AI tracking on them so I can
just have them track me I've got all the
audio piped through a DJI mic 2 huh so
we can just throw on a mic and all that
audio gets synced to the cameras back to
my computer upstairs how big is a retail
division of hacksmith um like four
employees so fairly small yeah and last
year contributed to half the revenue wow
which was uh
three and a half four million wow so you
you're as a business making over $8
million is is what's that pie chart look
like for hacksmith if half last year was
merch yeah so last year 50% um merch
probably 40% sponsorships oh less than
10% ad Revenue ad revenue is really not
enough to cover what we do if it was
just me in my garage yeah I'd be I'd be
happy but um it's expensive to do what
we do yeah how many products do you have
on Hackman that store right now I think
there's over 50 SKS not including sizing
and then and then again this one the
mini saber is the bestselling one yeah
how many units of this have you sold
again um all the different variations I
think it's over 25,000 25,000 wow and
then the gross revenue of this was 3
million 4 million you said last three to
4 million so I think we did a million
dollars in sales a month yeah and then
when we did the official launch when it
was no longer a pre-order and we were
actually shipping as soon as you ordered
basically um we did a million in a week
wow so it like blue expectations once
again which is truly incredible and
we're we're so thankful for that space
like vertical integration yeah um we we
are the marketing budget we are the
manufacturers we are the
Fulfillment all that so um this has been
a phenomenal success for us and it's
really it's as of that as of the past
year been the reason we've been able to
keep doing what we're doing so all those
Min saer sales have helped fund the real
life fully self contain cardless
lightsaber and this is the clean room
that we built in order to actually
develop this lightsaber so shoving
liquid oxygen into the hilt of a
lightsaber combined with a fuel source
if you do it wrong you've quite
literally made a pipe bomb so we have to
take this very seriously and we put a
lot of money into safety this rooms
probably cost a couple hundred, dollars
to do oh my God which is on the cheap
side this clean room is quite literally
cleaner than an operating theater where
you would have open heart surgery oh my
can we go in uh
sure all right we're all suited up and
there is the actual lightsaber so the uh
I believe it goes like this so as you
can see it's pretty small and so so the
goal of this is self-containing a light
saber will come out of there right out
of here so really Advanced design for
anyone who's like oh it's just a
flamethrower this is a lot of very very
sophisticated engineering that's gone
into this it's very dangerous um and it
really is a lot more impressive than
most people will probably give it credit
for Wow which is kind of a shame but
that's the reality of the internet damn
I feel like I'm I'm looking at a part of
History not just YouTube history can I
well you're wearing the
gloves you want to see the biggest
project we've ever done yeah 3 years in
the making the power loader let's go
head over to hanger 51 to see it oh
we've got another big project right
there too that was actually the second
Mech we built uh Mega heex wow so it was
actually constructed of six mini
excavators and it could actually walk on
all six legs there a bit of a failure in
the end um but the power loader even
though we made it before
that it still holds up today and I'll
actually give you a demo okay
wow holy crap
[Music]
we we based it off of the movie yeah and
as you can see there's a roll cage for
your upper body yeah there's nothing for
your lower body okay which is a huge
design oversight in the movie so this is
a it may look like a cheap knockoff Xbox
controller but this is a $1,000 safety
remote controller meant for stuff like
this yeah so this this single-handedly
is probably one of the most impressive
engineering projects on YouTube and it
is still the most impressive project
we've ever done how long it take to make
3 years starts to finish um we started
it in my garage we built the entire left
arm in a garage with an engine
[Music]
hoist that is epic
all right so this is Han Solo was Blas
year the DL 44 built this in one day
back in May 2018 so 6 years ago and uh I
made this right when solo came out the
Standalone Han Solo movie of course yeah
so yeah now oh my God oh my boom a head
shot oh gosh man I'm a good aim you want
to try let's do
it you get a special silver one oh made
those for the Mandalorian video so all
you do is make sure no one's down range
and and when you're ready you can [__]
that and then trigger is live do I hold
it here too or no um well Han Solo
doesn't oh
nice
yeah shade off all right yeah I learned
from the pro over here all right buddy
see you on the Death
Star so this is the engineering lab so
this is where all of our Engineers hang
out we got a little wall of 3D printers
over there got some Electronics
equipment here and for you as a YouTuber
at the engineering department is
building the products that will be in
the videos or they're building other
stuff too uh the projects for the videos
for the videos so everybody here is
building something dedicated to a video
you sometimes they're doing the
engineering work um and I'm still
hosting the video or they're actually
the host what's the average salary for
an employee at Haith probably in the 60s
range yeah maybe it's it it it varies a
lot I thought it was really interesting
I was listening to your Ted Talk and
watching a bunch of your videos and it
seems like you don't really care if
something's commercially viable you just
want to do cool [__] um when you have
this many employees working on stuff
like does that not ever come in to play
like let's build a product not just for
the video but then to sell to a company
we haven't really made a transition to
that um currently for products I do most
of the development work the retail team
does a bit of it sometimes we Outsource
a bit which is funny because we have
this amazing engineering team but we're
obviously always super busy yeah so um
the main goal for the engineering team
is the same um we're building really
cool [__] in the hopes of getting lots
of views yeah and we found the stuff
people want to see is probably not
commercially viable M um so that's
that's why I said that um now we're
starting to look at like products and
things but they're still not projects
per se um I'm not going to sell a
electromagnetic Captain America shield
anytime soon doesn't make any sense the
mini lightsaber some people might think
that's excessive but it's actually
pretty useful it's basically just a
butane and ton of people have bought it
torch yeah yeah yeah so it worked has a
US military ever reached out um or like
any of these oh really not not to
actually make stuff but um it's been
like seven years now so I think I can
talk about this but basically when I
first made the pneumatic
exoskeleton um I got reached out to on
LinkedIn by the Secretary of someone
very high up at the US military who
wanted to schedule a call with me I was
like ended up scheduling a call
basically he's like what the [__] are
you
doing um are you interested in like
working for us um and actually invited
me down to a base potentially and
ultimately it fell through it didn't
didn't do that but it was a pretty cool
thing and I remember he was like you
can't talk about this on YouTube well
it's been seven years now and I didn't
drop any names so but it was a it was a
cool like yeah I had a call with and it
was around exoskeleton development the
US Military used to be working on
something maybe they still are I don't
know um but yeah is this something one
of your engineers built this will
probably actually just be part
of oh this will probably be a oh my
God and does it fire from the top it can
not right now but yeah oh my
God how much does something like this go
for um so it's pretty incredible what
China's been able to do everyone's
familiar with Boston Dynamics spot is
like $80,000 it's a little bit bigger
than this yeah yeah it's a big yellow
dog the latest one this is actually the
go1 they came out with the go2 recently
with even better liar on it and all
kinds of stuff and you can grab it for
less than three grand what which is
incredible so we're in the Nolan room
right now the Christopher Nolan room the
Christopher Nolan room or vals for short
the variable atmospheric lighting Studio
okay um and in here we actually have one
of our most expensive pieces of tech
this is a cinema grade robot arm it
retails for about $150,000 but we work
directly with cisu Cinema based out
California and they I've actually just
got a video queued up so you can kind of
see what we can do yeah yeah so this
this was a video shot here yes
[Music]
so who really is an incredible piece of
tech do we need it probably not but it's
really cool and it allows for really
cool shots like that and hopefully from
my perspective it should enable faster
production and we' got all our gear here
we shoot on son A7 s's fors whatever
when we grew as a business we invested
heavily in trying to up production
quality nicer cameras setting up things
and in doing that we almost lost a bit
of the YouTube Vibe um Because unless
you're the type of channel that is known
for doing really cinematic stuff yeah
you can only shine a [__] so much you
know whatever that metaphor is but
basically um in addition to not being in
the garage which was relatable suddenly
everything seemed overproduced and it's
like oh maybe a company's running this
it's not the hacksmith or whatever do do
you do you regret buying all this gear a
little bit how much do you think you
spent on all the equipment hundreds
thousands
wow and again like they take longer to
set up and whatnot and half the time I'm
like cell phones take amazing video like
wow you can just do it realistically
like a YouTube channel if you want to
expand you need to hire YouTubers and
how are YouTubers
created with a lot of experience a lot
of practice and probably wearing all the
hats themselves yeah so if you throw
someone
into this new system and you expect them
to act like a YouTuber even though
they've never done it before how are
they going to yeah do that and if you
can find that YouTuber they probably
have their own channel that's doing well
already exactly yeah all right so
through here on the left we've got the
Grant Thompson room which is our main
conference room which I dedicated to
Grant Thompson cuz he's the closest
thing I ever had to a mentor and in my
opinion he he's one of the few YouTubers
who that's for a lack of better word
Beat YouTube he managed to build a
system hire hosts and retire and he
lived life to the fullest for about 2
years before his accident I met gr
Thompson during my time at YouTube he's
one of the kindest people yeah he was he
was a huge role model yeah for people
who don't know Grant Grant Thompson
started the King of Random channel one
of the biggest channels one of the first
maker channels and and he unfortunately
passed at a paragliding accident um do
you ever think about like how you push
yourself to extreme in your content and
does that ever cross your mind because
it's just a reality like we don't often
think about it it really depends and
most of my videos we amp up the danger
but it's not it's not real danger um the
one thing I can say about any kind of
flight paragliding or flying a plane
gravity always wins yeah so there is a
risk even if you're as safe as possible
you're still playing against forces of
nature that you can't control and you
are a minuscule little little spec so
wow can we actually go into the gr
Thompson room what is all this on the
wall here basically this gives the
entire team an opportunity to suggest
crazy
ideas brainstorm uh thumbnail ideas and
see if we think it's a good enough idea
for YouTube what I'm seeing here is
actually when I interviewed Zack King he
did the same thing these are t- sheets
it looks like idea on one side
description on the other side can you
talk us through one of these t- sheets
um so a few examples of some projects
this one is very highly rated and and um
which is noted by all the green dots the
stickers that people put so Deadpool
Deadpool 3 is coming out so we should
probably do a few Wolverine projects so
to help us decide what videos to make I
came up with the six tenants of a good
video and this is a checklist of six
things that if you check off all six the
chance of getting millions of views on
our channel is pretty good wow and what
are
they um so refine down it's basically
good story something you can't really
see anywhere else y the hacksmith effect
passion for the idea mhm typically only
make it real videos have done really
well for us so doing a a cool invention
that isn't connected to an IP doesn't
quite do as well um and historically me
being in the video has also helped the
video and finally having a satisfying
outcome do we set out do we achieve what
we set out to do and it's a very simple
question of if uh I told a six-year-old
I made this m what does that
six-year-old think it does got it and
that is a huge challenge because the
movies make things look way better than
it is so that one's always like a
sliding scale of okay we're pretty close
or we're not close at all yeah so
through here is the company gym and then
over here we've actually got um an easy
way to test your
worthiness part of the workout is like
uh you're going to want to start from
this side yeah so these are like Thor
hammers like with ascending weight yeah
just like kettle bells yeah oh these are
your kettle bells you can also like do
all those weird like rolling movements
around your head and whatnot there's
there's lots of different stuff you can
do there's something in the
ceiling
oh my
God now I'm not saying I have all the
makings to actually just become a
superhero but I'd say I'm pretty close
look the super
layer secret layer secret super layer
can we go up um you can okay I don't
think it will hold both of us I've never
let anyone else go up so really you're
in luck it's fine we'll be fine don't
worry all right all right all
right my God until don't touch
that dude
God oh one last thing the hacksmith gave
me this entire gift box and a mini
lightsaber that I want to give to you if
you subscribe and ring the notification
Bell if you've already subscribed you're
already entered and I just want to say
thank you videos like this would not
have been possible if you guys didn't
support the channel in the way that
you've done and uh and our next video
even if you don't win this you're going
to want to subscribe because our next
video is a 90minut sit down with the
Hackman where he shows even more of his
cool inventions and he gets even more
honest with some of his biggest mistakes
are you a shitty entrepreneur I think so
why so you won't want to miss it all
right now back to the video did you
watch the video on this not on this one
oh well then you you missed the chance
when uh so in that video the elevator
fails and I went crashing like 7t to the
ground from here mhm oh my
God okay well I'm glad this didn't crash
I'm really proud of the ceiling I did a
full LED array across the ceiling which
is sound activate so you play
thunderstorms and you can see the
lightning
wow the apartment is fully equipped
we've got a entire mini bar here an
espresso machine a hot plate there a
fridge under here reverse osmosis full
sink microwave and some frying pans and
things there's the elevator you came up
yeah we've got a living room over here
everything man this is probably $100,000
project this
layer it was two months of full-time
labor of like eight people wow easy wow
and um we had to it's also probably the
only secret room on
YouTube with sprinklers oh so this
Baby's up to code I guarantee none of
the other YouTubers who do little secret
rooms is up to code this one this one is
up to
code like literally watch the video and
just see when we stuck a camera up
through the ceiling what this area
looked like and you would not believe
that this is here and uh in the
wardrobe no
way
wait wait there's more here you got to
see this what is this is this a so uh
this opens
up to the mezzanine in my lab
oh depending on where this is in the
tour we might have lost a a sequential
order of things but but there's multiple
ways in which is really fun because um
if I want to avoid people yeah I can
sneak out any which way do you feel like
you lost some of that fun yeah as you've
grown the business
mhm how so became a business we did this
because it was fun yeah it was we had
volunteers we were in the garage people
came after their normal jobs to mess
around with projects and it was fun and
now there's still lots of parts of the
job that are fun but there's also a lot
of just work yeah and um I'm trying to
get back to some of my roots cuz I
started this because I like making
things yeah and I basically outsourced
all the parts of the job I loved m
making the videos making the projects
everything um so I'm trying to get back
to that in your Ted Talk you had this
quote about how um engineering and Magic
are close together yeah the quote's by
Arthur C Clark it says any um
sufficiently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from Magic and if you
think about that it's it's very true um
if you went back in time and showed
someone a cell
phone that's magic yeah how is there a
picture on How is how's any of this ex
it's a it's a glass
rectangle magic yeah um
so I like that quote because it kind of
it's everything we do we're trying to
utilize existing technology to make
things almost seem like magic we're not
trying to lie to anyone but we're trying
to show just how cool it is to be an
engineer I think that's one of the most
inspirational things we can do is
because engineering technology the
advance of that that's what push Society
forwards over the entire course of human
history and we can do our part by
continuing to
push yeah and when you look back your 18
years on YouTube what's been the most
magical part we initially got comments
being like oh I didn't know engineering
could be cool um you inspired me to go
to engineering school cool now that I've
been doing it for so long fulltime n
years I've met fans at conventions who
are like I used to watch you in high
school you inspired me into engineering
school I graduated 3 years ago I've been
working my dream job since wow and um
another really touching thing that I
never really realized I think all
YouTubers we wish every subscriber
watched every single video right I've
met fans who have told me this amazing
amazing like story about how like I
changed their life and whatnot and I'm
like oh cool um like what's your most
recent like favorite video he's like oh
I haven't watched you in years years I'm
like what and that's when I that's when
I made that connection that holy [__]
all it takes is one video to change
someone's life and especially with
educational inspirational content not
mindless entertainment we have that
power which means even if the numbers
never seem like enough I've had a bigger
impact on more people than I could ever
imagine well dude I appreciate you
showing me around and uh you're a true
inspiration man thank you thanks man you
should give another Ted Talk dude and
then we have one last thing to show you
if you know just where to reach up into
the
clouds um since it's almost midnight but
we can head on
out I think we're going running on hour
12 13 yeah night has fallen you want to
do the interview
now I thought this was the dude there's
even more to get into man all right
let's get to it ah